Odds and Ends for v2.0 release (#1727)
Gilead-BioStats/gsm: vignettes/DataReporting.Rmd

Additional supporting functions are explored in [Appendix 1](#appendix-1).

### Step 0 - Run Analysis Workflow(s)

> Prior to running the reporting model to create reporting data frames, charts and reports, the metrics we are reporting on must be properly calculated and flagged with the analysis workflow. For more information on the Analysis Workflow, see the associated [vignette](https://gilead-biostats.github.io/gsm/articles/DataAnalysis.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to running the reporting model to create reporting data frames, charts and reports, the metrics we are reporting on must be properly calculated and flagged with the analysis workflow. For more information on the Analysis Workflow, see the associated `vignette("DataAnalysis")`.
```

 results returned by `Summarize()` to `BindResults()`.
4. `dfBounds`: Set of predicted percentages/rates and upper- and lower-bounds across the full range of sample sizes/total exposure values for reporting. Created by passing `dfResults` and `dfMetrics` to `MakeBounds()`. 

> For more details on any of these tables, see the [Data Model vignette](https://gilead-biostats.github.io/gsm/articles/DataModel.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on any of these tables, see `vignette("DataModel")`.
```

-   `Param`: Parameter Name (e.g. "Status")  
-   `Value`: Parameter Value (e.g. "Active")

> An more detailed explanation of the `Param`s for each group level can be found in the [Data Model Vignette](DataModel.html) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A more detailed explanation of the `Param`s for each group level can be found in `vignette("DataModel")`. 
```
